

Saltflake
Licks her own hands. Hands are salty, cause she's made of salt, so that's not weird.
It might seem like she really needs a bathroom, but thats not true. 
There is a white whole inside her mouth and it will suck random staff in (just like black whole), unless Saltflake 
recites Word of Wisdom or a corny joke.


Stick
Operatess a concept called 'thin logic'. 
To elaborate, it's a method to tie absolutely unrelated statements with seemingly logical arguments.
XXXXX example ;)
gets 2 haircuts a dau - but only so that they hsarpen his head, well to look sharp
Wheel, likes to squish things with it


Sean Sample
Sean is absolutely nuts about politics, and as most of politicians he has to be reactive and adaptive.
Thas why he doesnt really have a form or color - one day he is dark brown square the other day hes yellowish oval.
And yes, the description does resemble piece of shit, but well who didnt say it about politicians, so Sean is cool about it. 
XXXXXX smthng good:)


Kakadoon
Undisputable leader of the bunch, positive and life-affirming to the point where some people say it is fake. 
They also say he does that to sell his rubber duckies.
So what if he talks about Pink Rubber Duckies (good for children in baths and adults in nurse suits) from KK Doon Inc. a lot, 
    - it doesnt change the fact that he is an absolute delight.
Mr. Kakadoon is one of those guys who will hit a nail with the hammer and it will actually get through an egg shell.


ESO Queen break free thing

So, a question you would have right away, how would the size of your dick influence the dps numbers?





Big Dick DPS.

So, I have been seeing this a lot - people asking for a 'big dick' dps on a group finder in games.
My immediate reaction was: "hm, why?" - how exactly does a size of my johnson affect button pressing skills?

Then you start thinking, well, most likely you need to work with bigger surfase when you fap, so that means you hands build more stamina? 
Maybe u show the size with one hand stretching your palm to the extreme, and after a while u can reach more keybinds?
Or your carpet is brown cause if you stare too long on a beige wall your hands start to tremble before might of infinite space and coffee spills from the mug you holding?

All these reasons seem logical, but the truth is that most of the people signing up do not have a big dick. Shocking, I know.

You can deceive a group, yes, but how do you live with yourself, how do you justify that lie to your consciousness (it does need facts, you know)? 
There are some tricks people use to push the size into the sweet spot called 'above average'. Same works if you trying to step up from 'above average' to 'huge':
- shave your pubes. Easy fix.   
- find proper statistical average. Average size within skiers after a 30 km race in -30C will be different from average within porn actors with tag 'BBC'. 
- create a group on Facebook with a name like "20 inch drillers", post articles and memes about big dicks. In the end you are what people think you are, isn't it?

Lets do some Carey Breadshow to sum it up.
Do people today only define their personality and views as a society around them deems worthy? 
Did we 'evolve' to the point where we can lie to ourselves and morph inner 'me' by simply juggling facts?
Does plain truth even exist anymore?




